Marshall predicts: “LSST will increase the number of galaxy-scale strong lens detections by an order of magnitude over Dark Energy Survey, 
and by a factor of 100 over the current sample. And we expect to find nearly 10,000 lensed quasars during the survey – 
and measure the time delays in several thousand of them.” The LSST lensed quasar sample will be around two orders of magnitude larger than the 
current largest survey of lensed quasars.
https://www.lsst.org/News/enews/lensing-201107.html, LSST Enews july 2011 Volume 4 number 2

A high-yield lens search requires all four of the properties oﬀered by LSST: wide area, depth, high image resolution, and spectral coverage
to distinguish lens and source light. Other surveys – current, planned, or concurrent with LSST – will lack at least one of these properties.
Only SKA is likely to surpass LSST in terms of raw yield; Euclid will perform comparably well, but will only overlap with LSST in the Southern 
half of the sky. LSST should be able to detect ≈ 8000 time-delay lenses (including both AGN and supernovae); the combination of LSST and Euclid
imaging is an exciting prospect for efficient lens identification.
http://www.lsst-desc.org/WorkingGroups/SL, SL desc working group, date is ambiguous on this one, it could be between 2012 and 2013

bling the targeted study of ∼ 100 of these systems and resulting in substantial gains
in the dark energy figure of merit. In the next decade, a further order of magnitude improvement will be possible with
the 104 systems expected to be detected and measured with LSST and Euclid
Third, in the 2020’s, LSST will deliver 1000’s of time delays; the bottleneck will instead be the aquisition and analysis
of high resolution imaging follow-up.
This program leverages and enhances existing surveys such as Pan-STARRS1, Dark Energy Survey, and
Hyper Suprime-Cam which will discover > 100 well-measurable time delay systems this decade, and LSST
which will discover > 1000 systems next decade, and involves high performance computing delivering added
value to the analysis pipelines of these experiments.https://arxiv.org/abs/1306.1272, Dark energy with gravitational lens time delays, 6 june 2013